(GH-1431) Add support for trusted external facts (#1514)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/bolt_configuration_options.md

-   `concurrency`: The number of threads to use when executing on remote targets. Default is `100`.
-   `format`: The format to use when printing results. Options are `human` and `json`. Default is `human`.
-   `hiera-config`: Specify the path to your Hiera config. The default path is `hiera.yaml` inside the [Bolt project directory](bolt_project_directories.md#).

> -   `trusted-external-command`: Specify the path to an executable that can produce [external trusted facts](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/release_notes_puppet.html#puppet-new-features-x.10.1).

Reviewer: After talking to the coremmunity team I think we should document this as experimental for now.

Author: Updated here, in the CHANGELOG, and commit message.

Author: Updated here, in the CHANGELOG, and in the commit message.

> -   `trusted-external-command`: Specify the path to an executable on the Bolt controller that can produce [external trusted facts](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/release_notes_puppet.html#puppet-new-features-x.10.1). **Note:** This option is experimental.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `trusted-external-command`: Specify the path to an executable on the Bolt controller that can produce [external trusted facts](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/release_notes_puppet.html#puppet-new-features-x.10.1). **Note:** external trusted facts are experimental in both puppet and bolt and this API may change or be removed.
```

Author: Updated
